# Machine-learning-with-python
A version space with its general and specific boundary sets. The version space includes all six hypotheses shown here, but can be represented more simply by S and G. Arrows indicate instances of the more-general-than relation. To illustrate this representation for version spaces, consider again the En- joysport concept. FIND-S outputs the hypothesis h = (Sunny, Warm, ?, Strong, ?, ?) In fact, this is just one of six different hypotheses from H that are consistent with these training examples. All six hypotheses are shown in Figure . They constitute the version space relative to this set of data and this hypothesis repre- sentation. The arrows among these six hypotheses in Figure indicate instances of the more-general~han relation. The CANDIDATE-ELIMINATION algorithm rep- resents the version space by storing only its most general members and its most specific (labeled S in the figure). Given only these two sets S and G, it is possible to enumerate all members of the version space as needed by generating the hypotheses that lie between these two sets in the general-to-specific partial ordering over hypotheses. It is intuitively plausible that we can represent the version space in terms of its most specific and most general members. Below we define the boundary sets G and S precisely and prove that these sets do in fact represent the version space. Definition: The general boundary G, with respect to hypothesis space H and training data D, is the set of maximally general members of H consistent with D. G = {g E HI Consistent(g, D) A (-3gf E H)[(gf >, g) A Consistent(gt, D)]] Definition: The specific boundary S, with respect to hypothesis space H and training data D, is the set of minimally general (i.e., maximally specific) members of H consistent with D. S rn {s E H(Consistent(s, D) A (-3s' E H)[(s >, sf) A Consistent(st, D)])
